Docs 8010 edit api groups pa (#255)
mulesoft/docs-api-manager: modules/ROOT/pages/api-groups-modifying-groups.adoc

= Modify API Groups
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]

> If your business requirement changes, you might want to modify an API Group by adding new API instances to it. To cover new scenarios, you might want to add a new API instance. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your business requirements change, you might want to modify an API Group by adding new API instances to it. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

You can also version an existing instance to add customizations. If a service is no longer required, you can remove the respective API instance that supports the service.

The following tasks are covered in this section:

* <<adding-api-instances-to-groups, Add API instances to Existing API Groups>>
* <<removing-api-instances-from-groups, Remove API instances from an API Group>>
* <<creating-new-versions-of-groups, Create new versions of an API Group>>

> 

Reviewer: I would remove all of this and make the previous text one paragraph.
And I would also add to the intro text that there are restrictions and how changes affect Exchange status.
The topic intro should refer to all content.

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Restrictions for Modifying API Group and Instances

> Before you modify an API Group to add or remove API Group instances, ensure that you carefully reviews the restrictions. You can modify the API Group instance anytime if you meet these restrictions. You can:

Reviewer: What about versioning?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Before you modify an API Group, ensure that you carefully review the restrictions:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Add new API instances of APIs that already exist in the group only if the API Group instance has no contracts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add new instances of APIs that already exist in the group only if the API Group instance has no contracts. 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * Add only those API instances that belong to the same identity provider (IdP) as the API Group instance. You cannot mix IdPs in an API Group instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Add only API instances that belong to the same identity provider (IdP) as the API Group instance.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

* Add API instances but not APIs if:
** The API Group instance is published.
** The API Group version is published.

> ** There are more than one API Group instances of the same API Group version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** The API Group version belongs to more than one API Group instance.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

== Exchange Status Based on API Group Changes

> The status of the API Group in Exchange changes Based on the scenario:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Exchange status of an API Group depends on the conditions:
```
But is this really a thing, "an Exchange status," or do we mean simply what is reflected in the UI?

Reviewer: Also, this section is not about "changes" but specifically adding a new API instance, so maybe the title needs tweaking.

Author: Done! Thanks!

> * If your API Group is published in Exchange, your Exchange asset reflects the  new API instance. 

Reviewer: remove space
```suggestion
* If your API Group is published in Exchange, your Exchange asset reflects the new API instance. 
```

Reviewer: Sorry...back to scanning/proofing....

Reviewer: Not sure that "reflected" is the best word.

Author: Done! Thanks!

* If the API instance you added is related to an asset that is already linked to the Exchange API Groups asset, the the API instance is reflected.

> * If the API instance you added belongs to a new asset that is not yet liked to the Exchange API Groups asset, the consumers are required to create a new version of the API Groups.

Reviewer: "the consumers": GLOBALLY "your customers"? "your users"?
```suggestion
* If the API instance you added belongs to a new asset that is not yet liked to the Exchange API Groups asset, the consumers must create a new version of the API Groups asset.
```
Why use "asset"?

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[adding-api-instances-to-groups]]
== Add API Instances to Existing API Groups

You might want to add API instances to an existing API Group to widen the business problem it solves. 

To add API instances to an existing API Group:

> . From the left menu in API Manager, click *API Groups*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the left menu in API Manager, click *API Groups*:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
.The screenshot illustrates the page that is displayed for API Groups.
image:add-api-instance-modify-api-groups.png[Add API Instances to API Groups]
+
<1> API Group version
<2> Instances of the API Group version
<3> API Group

> <4> Add a new version of the API Group

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<4> New version of the API Group
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> <5> Add a new instance of the API Group version

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<5> New instance of the API Group version
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. On the API Groups details page, expand the API Group to view its available versions.
. Click the version of the API Group to which you want to add the API instance and click *Add Instance*.
+
The *Creating a new group instance* page is displayed.
. Click *Add*.

> . If the API instance and the API Group belong in the same business group or organization, select the environment, API instance, and version that you want to add to the API Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the API instance and the API Group belong to the same business group or organization, select the environment, API instance, and version that you want to add to the API Group.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

> . If the API instance and the API Group belong in different business groups:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. If the API instance and the API Group belong in different business groups:
```
```suggestion
. If the API instance and the API Group belong to different business groups:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

.. Click *Add Organization*.
.. Select the organization or business group in which your API instance is available.

> .. From the environment, select the API instance, and version that you want to add.

Reviewer: You do not have to select the environment?
```suggestion
.. From the environment, select the API instance and version that you want to add.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Click *Save*.
+

> To publish your API Group in Exchange, see xref:api-groups-publishing-to-exchange.adoc[publishing API Groups to Exchange].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To publish your API Group in Exchange, see xref:api-groups-publishing-to-exchange.adoc[Publishing API Groups to Exchange].
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

[[removing-api-instances-from-groups]]
== Remove API Instances from API Groups

> If your business requirement changes, you might want to modify an API Group by removing an existing API instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your business requirements change, you might want to modify an API Group by removing an existing API instance:
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

To remove an API instance from an API Group:

> . From the left menu in API Manager, click *API Groups*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the left menu in API Manager, click *API Groups*.
```
```suggestion
```

Author: We need this step.

. On the API Groups details page, expand the API Group to view its available versions.
. Click the version of the API Group to view the instance.
+

> The API Group instance page is displayed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Group instance page is displayed:
```

Author: Removed this sentence.

+
image:remove-api-instance-api-groups.png[Remove API Instances from API Groups]
. From the top-right corner, click *Edit*.

> . Click the cross icon next to the API instance that you want to remove. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. Click *+* next to the API instance that you want to remove. 
```

Reviewer: GLOBALLY replace "the cross icon" with *+*

Author: Done! Thanks!

. If you want to remove all the API instances from a specific organization or business group, click the cross icon next to the organization name.
+
Note that if the API Instance you removed is the last API linked to an asset, you must create a new version of the API Group.
. Click OK.

[[creating-new-versions-of-groups]]

> == Create new versions of API Groups

Reviewer: ```suggestion
== Create New Versions of API Groups
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

Author: Made it Create API Group Versions

If you modify an API Group to suit a changing business requirement, you might need to version it appropriately.

// add in what scenario would the users need to create new versions of API Groups.

To create additional versions of an API Group:

> . From the left menu In API Manager, click *API Groups*. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. From the left menu in API Manager, click *API Groups*: 
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

+
image::api-products-create-new-version.png[Creating New Version of API Group]
+
. From the right details pane, click *Add version*.

> The New version for API Groups appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new version for API Groups appears.
```

Author: Removed this sentence.

. In the *Version* field, specify the version number that you want to create: for example, v1.1 or v2.0.
. Add API instances in the API Groups. 
+

> The API Group is pre-populated with the existing instances from the a previous version. For more information about how to add API instances in an API Group, see Adding API Instances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The API Group is prepopulated with the existing instances from the previous version. For more information about how to add API instances in an API Group, see Adding API Instances.
```

Author: Done! Thanks!

. Publish your new version of the API Groups in Exchange.

== See Also

* xref:api-groups-landing-page.adoc[API Groups]
* xref:api-groups-creating-groups.adoc[Create Groups]

> * xref:api-groups-publishing-to-exchange.adoc[Publiss API Groups to Exchange]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* xref:api-groups-publishing-to-exchange.adoc[Publiss API Groups to Exchange]
```
```suggestion
* xref:api-groups-publishing-to-exchange.adoc[Publish API Groups to Exchange]
```

Author: Done! Thanks!
